David Burrell, COMP307 Assignment 1 Report

Part 1:
1. (k=1)
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
Accuracy: 92.0%

2. (k=3)
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-setosa Iris-setosa: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-versicolor: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-virginica Iris-virginica: actual
classification: Iris-versicolor Iris-virginica: actual
Accuracy: 92.0%

in comparision to k=1, my implementation seems to have no improvement. (this may be due to euclidian calculation I am unsure.)

3. Advantages are that it is a simple straightforward algorithm to implement. 
	however making the desicion when the votes are equal can cause problems.
	it can also be rather costly if it is written to increase K when votes are equal, having to
	start from the top with a new K value.
	
4.	to implement K fold, first the traing and test data would have to be loaded into one data stucture (List)
	then a new List would be made from the first K (K=5) inputs of the data set. 
	then run the algorithm on the first fold and store the result. 
	then increase K by K and do the next fold (overwriting the first fold List)
	repeat til all folds are done, calculate the overall result.
	
5.	